[Kernel] Update Kernel USER_GUIDE based on the latest API updates (#2172)
delta-io/delta: kernel/USER_GUIDE.md

When identifying the columns to read, note that there are multiple types of columns in the physical schema (represented as a [`StructType`](https://delta-io.github.io/delta/snapshot/kernel-api/java/io/delta/kernel/types/StructType.html)). 

* Data columns: Columns that are expected to be read from the Parquet file. Based on the `StructField` object defining the column, read the column in the Parquet file that matches the same name.
* Metadata columns: These are special columns that must be populated using metadata about the Parquet file ([`StructField#isMetadataColumn`](https://delta-io.github.io/delta/snapshot/kernel-api/java/io/delta/kernel/types/StructField.html#isMetadataColumn--) tells whether a column in `StructType` is a metadata column). To understand how to populate such a column, first match the column name against the set of standard metadata column name constants. For example, 

>     * `StructFileld#isMetadataColumn()` returns true and the column name is `StructField.ROW_INDEX_COLUMN_NAME`, then you have to a generate column vector populated with the actual index of each row in the Parquet file (that is, not indexed by the possible subset of rows return after Parquet data skipping).

Reviewer: Forgot TD wanted to update this variable name to include "metadata". I'll create a PR (I can update this in that PR too)

This method generates an object of type [`ExpressionEvaluator`](https://delta-io.github.io/delta/snapshot/kernel-api/java/io/delta/kernel/expressions/ExpressionEvaluator.html) that can evaluate the `expression` on a batch of row data to produce a result of a single column vector. To generate this function, the `getEvaluator()` method takes as input the expression and the schema of the `ColumnarBatch`es of data on which the expressions will be applied. The same object can be used to evaluate multiple columnar batches of input with the same schema and expression the evaluator is created for.

##### Method [`getPredicateEvaluator(StructType inputSchema, Predicate predicate)`](https://delta-io.github.io/delta/snapshot/kernel-api/java/io/delta/kernel/client/ExpressionHandler.html#createSelectionVector-boolean:A-int-int-)
This is for creating an expression evaluator for `Predicate` type expressions. The `Predicate` type expressions return a boolean value as output.

> The returned object is of type [`PredicateEvaluator`](https://delta-io.github.io/delta/snapshot/kernel-api/java/io/delta/kernel/expressions/PredicateEvaluator.html). This is a special interface for evaluating Predicate on input batch returns a selection vector containing one value for each row in input batch indicating whether the row has passed the predicate or not. Optionally it takes an existing selection vector along with the input batch for evaluation. The result selection vector is combined with the given existing selection vector and a new selection vector is returned. This mechanism allows running an input batch through several predicate evaluations without rewriting the input batch to remove rows that do not pass the predicate after each predicate evaluation. The new selection should be the same or more selective as the existing selection vector. For example, if a row is marked as unselected in the existing selection vector, then it should remain unselected in the returned selection vector even when the given predicate returns true for the row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The returned object is of type [`PredicateEvaluator`](https://delta-io.github.io/delta/snapshot/kernel-api/java/io/delta/kernel/expressions/PredicateEvaluator.html). This is a special interface for evaluating predicates on input batches. It returns a selection vector containing one value for each row in the input batch that indicates whether the row has passed the predicate or not. Optionally, it takes an existing selection vector along with the input batch for evaluation. The selection vector resulting from the predicate evaluation is combined with the given existing selection vector and a new selection vector is returned. This mechanism allows running an input batch through several predicate evaluations without rewriting the input batch to remove rows that do not pass the predicate after each predicate evaluation. The new selection should be the same or more selective as the existing selection vector. For example, if a row is marked as unselected in the existing selection vector, then it should remain unselected in the returned selection vector even when the given predicate returns true for the row.
```
